Hello.
A masseuse an enthusiast.
Welcome to this new course on tensor float 2.0.
I am so excited because actually tensor flow 2.0 beta was just released and this is super good news
because that means that tons of flow 2.0 is here to stay.
And besides it is starting to be super popular now.
People are very happy about the new features because indeed now tensor flow 2.0 is more user friendly
more simple to use and besides it has many new features which allow you to build deep learning and AA
models in a much more efficient way.
So this is the perfect timing for you.
You're about to get a very very complete course on tensor flow 2.0.
Indeed you will see we will study everything about sensor flow 2.0.
The course is structured in five parts and each port tackles something different something different
which you can do is tend to flow 2.0.
It's like you know a new combination of a deep learning course and an artificial intelligence course
because you will see with tensor float 2.0 we will learn how to build deep learning models artificial
intelligence models and many other applications.
So this is what this first lecture will be about.
I will introduce you to this course and walk you through its different parts so that you can already
take a step back and get prepared for this huge adventure.
We're gonna have in this course.
So let's do this.
But before we start I would just like to remind that the other big plus of this course is that not only
you will get a super extended knowledge intensive flow 2.0 but you will also get a large toolkit of
very complete toolkit with many deep learning and artificial terms Morales implemented with tons of
flow 2.0 and the tools in this toolkit are actually right here.
You know these are all these cool up files I'm going to explain what club is in a second but these are
all the tools that you'll get and each tool is like a different deep learning or amoral implemented
in tend to flow 2.0.
So in front of us we have the whole structure of the course.
And I'll give this to you right after this tutorial you know you'll get exactly this.
This is very practical because not only it allows you to take a step back but also it gives you all
the links to the different colored files meaning the tools that you will get in this course.
And so speaking of cool up files Well let me explain why this is such a good thing for you to have it.
That's because it is super practical to use.
I'll show you an example.
This is a cool app Val that built an artificial neural network intensive flow 2.0 and the great thing
about this is that you simply need to connect to this link.
You know the link provided here in this spreadsheet you just need to connect to this link and then you
can directly play the cells and execute your model either to train it or to make predictions.
So in other words you don't have to install anything on your machine.
You can directly plug and play your morals on this call up file which is just a Jupiter notebook with
many packages installed already including tensor float 2.0.
So in other words you don't have to do anything you can directly play your morals and do artificial
intelligence.
So that's a huge plus which I'm very happy about.
And this is a brand new feature by Google so this will be super practical for you.
All right.
So now let's do this let's explore and take a step back of what we're going to learn in this course.
Starting with the first part which is just an introduction to tend to flow 2.0.
This board is composed of two sections section one introduction which is just the intro lecture that
we are having right now where we have a look at the structure of the course and Section 2 very important
section that will give you the sense of flow 2.0 basics you know covering how constants work how variables
work how tenses work you know that's very important will work a lot with tensor flow sensors and how
operations work.
And of course tend to flow 2.0 and all the basics are included in the first collapse of this course
call up to you know corresponding to Section 2 and which is of course this one collab to sensor flow
2.0 introduction.
You'll get as we can see here in the table of contents all the different new features of tense flow
2.0.
And I started to remind what was intense flow once that we can understand the difference between of
flow and intense flow too you'll get a real understanding at how tense flow 2.0 got improved with respect
to tensor flow one.
All right.
So as I told you.
Here we studied the constants the variables operations with sensors and even strings intense flow 2.0
and that's because in this course we will even do deep natural language processing.
All right.
So all the basics are in this first clip file and then we move on to the second part.
Part two which is deep learning intensive flow 2.0.
And that's where you know you're going to build different new networks westerns float by nose.
That's why I was telling you this course is like a whole new deep learning course and also an artificial
intelligence course where you build tons of models with flow 2.0.
Right.
So this part too is composed of four sections in section three.
We will build an artificial new network intense flow 2.0 for a classification task and the collapse
valve for this.
Is this cool app 3 file which is right here.
That's where we build and not official new network intense float 2.0.
If we have a look at the table of content while you can see that we do it step by step we first pre
process the data and then we define the model as a sequential class.
Then we add the first fully connected hidden layer.
The second one w drop out you will learn about the drop out technique then the output layer which then
we can pass the model then we train it and then we evaluate it and make predictions.
So you see all the implementations will be done step by step so that you can really understand everything
and not get overwhelmed at any time.
And besides at the annual get some exercises so that you can practice your skills right.
So there we go.
Let us go back to the structure of the course.
The next section section 4 is about building a convolution or new network intensive look 2.0 for another
classification task and a collapse valve.
This is cool up Number 4 which is right here.
Here we go.
Cullinan before and it follows the same structure with first some data processing and then we build
it CNN by first defining the model adding the first convolution layer.
No worries you will get all the theory of that in the course and unexplored actually in case you're
not very familiar with the theory.
Then we add the second conventional layer.
The third one the fourth one the flattening layer.
The first fully connected layer the output layer.
So again everything is done step by step.
We implement every new network from scratch.
Then next section section 5 is about building a record a new network in sense flow 2.0 the application
for this will be a natural language processing application and the collapse alpha.
This is called at number 5 which is right here and again it follows the same process with First Data
Processing and then building the model with 30 embedding layer.
The Elysium layer the output layer we can powertrain and evaluate the model.
All right so I can't wait to see all this with you it's gonna be a fantastic adventure at the end of
which you'll get a super complete and useful toolkit.
Then let's move on to the last section of Part 2 which is about transfer learning and fine tuning intensive
flow 2.0.
The application is of course transfer learning and the collapse valve for this is this one where we
will do transfer learning from cats to dogs and dogs to cats.
It will be a very fun application where we can learn about transfer learning in a fun way.
I hope you like cats and dogs.
I do.
All right then moving on to the third part of this course.
Part 3 which is this dam about artificial intelligence because indeed we will see deep reinforcement
learning intensive low 2.0.
You know where we interact with an environment and play some actions inside.
And of course we'll do that with a deep learning model which means that it's going to be a new network
that will predict the actions to play when interacting with the environment.
So this part 3 is composed of two sections.
The first one where we'll just have a refresher on the deep reinforcement learning theory.
So here there is no practical activity because this is just theory and no girl at fault either.
But then in Section 8 we will implement a pretty cool A.I. which will actually be an A.I. training robot
and that's why the application is deep reinforcement learning for stock market trading.
We will just build an A.I. robot that will do stock market trading and you will see that the results
are actually pretty good and well the clap valve for this is called Number 8 deep reinforcement learning
for stock market trading.
And again everything is implemented step by step.
Finishing with of course how we are going to train that a trader that's going to be pretty cool.
I can't wait for you to reach that point then next point.
Part 4.
So here we move on to the more advanced part of tensor flow because as I told you this is a very complete
course intense flow 2.0 which is not only addressed for beginners who want to learn the basics that
tend to flow 2.0 and start to build some deep learning and admirals with it.
But for those of you who want to really go far in terms of flow 2.0.
Well you had these last two parts.
Part 4 and part 5 where you get to learn some more advanced features of tensor flow 2.0 and the first
one is tensor flow extended.
That's a super powerful feature of tend to flow which would be super useful for you to have in the toolkit.
And this part 4 is composed of two sections section 9 which is about data validation which tends flow
data validation TFT V.
So the practical activity is about data validation and the collapse felt for this is cool app number
9 where you will learn some very powerful techniques to do data validation which is something very useful
M. when doing learning or A.I. because indeed the data as you understand is power the data is super
important for your deeper morals and aims to learn correctly so the better you can do data validation
the higher chance you have to reach top performance with your deep learning and A.I. models.
Then next section is about data processing with to flow transform.
TFT So here you will learn another powerful technique to do data processing.
West End to flow 2.0 of course and the collateral for this is colored 10 which is right here and inside
which will do data processing with dense flow transform TFT which once again is implemented step by
step so you'll see we will work with real world data sets as the other ones here you know as the other
applications here.
This will be the pollution data set you will learn how to prepare assess it with sense of flow transform
and so once again this will be explained step by step.
And that's for those you who really want to get the advanced techniques of tense flow 2.0.
Then final part part 5 which is about putting a tensor float upon a model into production.
So here this bar is great.
If you want to really practice on how to apply your tensor flow skills in the real world because you
know in the real world what you usually do is to not only build a sense float quantum model but mostly
to put it into production.
And so that's what this part 5 is about this final part of this course divided once again into four
sections section eleven where you will learn how to create an API with flask and sense of flow 2.0.
So here there is no clap Val because Google collaboratively was not compatible with this application
you know because we are creating it with class.
So it was much easier to do it with a classic Python found you know that p y fell and so we will give
it to you separately once you reach section eleven then Section Twelve is about serving intensive low
morale with the RESTful API tensor flow serving and so the practical application for this will be an
image classification API which you will see in the collapse file number 12 which is right here there
you go you'll get to implement an image classification API with transfer to serving.
Again this is another advance technique which is totally optional but good for you to learn and the
technique of tense flow that does it extensive flow serving so it's really good if you can master this
as well then last two sections section thirteen which is about preparing a tensor flow model for an
injury or Iowa's device and that you can do extensive flow light so the collapsed value this is cool
and number 13.
There you go you will basically learn how to prepare a tensor flow model which will be integrated into
a mobile device application whether it is Android or OS and that you do it with tens of low light.
So again congratulations if you decide to tackle this as well.
And finally final section of the course which is about distributed training of tensor flow 2.0 morals.
That's a great technique to know and master if you want to train some tens of floats on a morals on
a highly compute intensive task you know sometimes you can train a deep neural network or an AML for
days because the environment is so complex that your T L or AML can just take a very long time to learn.
Well in that case you have some techniques that accelerate the training process and one of these techniques
is distributed training which can apply on tens of loads point of morals and that's exactly what the
section 14 is about and the collapse after this is the last one.
The last tool of your toolkit.
Call up 14 distributed training of tensor flow 2.0 models so you will learn everything in this final
collapse file and I highly recommend it do it because I'm sure that at some points in your data science
career you will get to train some tens of floats on a morals on very complex tasks so therefore it can
take many many days to train before you get some results.
And for this you will definitely need some distributed training technique so I highly recommend to do
this.
That's why I put it at the end no because there is the usual final sprint at the end of an adventure
so I wanted you to have some great energy for this because this is a really useful technique to have
and a tool.
All right so there you go and now we can start the adventure I'll just quickly show you how to open
a collapsed valve by any chance you decide to re implement everything by yourself as you follow the
practical lectures of this course so it's very easy you just type here on your favorite browser Google
Q laboratory here we go.
First one here.
Then you can just click the first link and there you go you are on Google collab.
So you see.
Very very easy.
Then I'll show you the rest.
You can just cancel this here.
No useful.
And then so as I told you to open a new file you can just click file here and then click new button
three notebook not Python 2 because our implementations are compatible with Python 3.
So new Python 3 notebook.
And there you go.
You'll have a new notebook where you can implement stuff and I'll show you how very quickly so.
There you go.
That's a first cell.
And so for example if I type two plus two you can just click play here and it will return four in the
output.
There you go.
And then if you want add another cell you can just click here if you want to add some text as I did
you know for example here this is a text cell where I just implemented some texture to make some sections
in this notebook to structure it well some text tax code and then as you can see you just click the
play button or press command or control plus enter to execute and this will execute your code so that's
only if you want to you know remake everything from scratch as you follow the lectures.
But I wouldn't recommend it because this is a long course and I really want you to finish it.
So I really want you to use these files which were prepared and structured for you very well so that
you can use them easily for your own problems and your career.
So I recommend to use them.
And lastly what I want to show you is that when you get this.
You know the spreadsheet with all the structure of the course and the different colored files.
Well you know you'll get the links here to the colored files.
And once you click on this link this will open the color files but this will only be given in view mode
which means you won't be able to edit it but of course no worries.
If you want to edit the files and get different cells.
Well you can do it very easily by clicking file here and then save a copy and drives.
You will need a Google address with a Google Drive account.
That's all free of course and I'm sure most of you has one.
And so there you go.
Now this is a copy which belongs to your google drive and now you can do some modification here right.
If I want to modify this file or you know maybe this one if I want to do 52 here well I can do it and
just play again well you can just modify anything and of course add some new cells by clicking plus
code here.
Right.
So very easy.
Now you talk is ready you can just start the course start the adventure and I can't wait to see you
in part 1 Section 2 to start with the sense of flow 2.0 basics.
So I'll see you in this next section.
Let's start the adventure.
And until then enjoy tons of love to find out.